Your Scores:
Auditory: 30%
Tactile: 20%
Visual: 50%
You are a Visual learner! Check out the information below, or view all of the learning styles.
Visual
As a visual learner you grasp information through reading or visual aids and remember by sight. You prefer visual learning methods and are neat and clean. Visualizing concepts is natural for you, and you might close your eyes for recall. When bored, you seek visual stimuli but may struggle with spoken directions and get distracted by sounds. Richly visual content, including colorful imagery and vivid stories, attracts your attention.
Here are some things that visual learners like you can do to learn better:
Sit near the front of the classroom. (It won't mean you're the teacher's pet!)
Have your eyesight checked on a regular basis.
Use flashcards to learn new words.
Try to visualize things that you hear or things that are read to you.
Write down key words, ideas, or instructions.
Draw pictures to help explain new concepts and then explain the pictures.
Color code things.
Avoid distractions during study times.
Remember that you need to see things, not just hear things, to learn well.


I think learning styles affect how and what we learn because they give people slightly different takeaways from certain things. For example, a visual learner in class will remember the look of a video and base their knowledge off of that, but may have issues putting words that were said alongside it to use. The opposite is true with an auditory learner, and even more different when it comes to a tactile learner, who will write detailed notes incorporating both visual and auditory input. Being a visual learner, something has to have interesting visuals to be appealing to me, and the sound has to match it. Writing things down isn’t my strong suit since I have terrible handwriting, so I often just memorize information if I can, or make a short summarization in a document. I often get sidetracked when I have to write down information, so taking it in via a video is easiest for me.